Escape from Tarkov - (Malden 2023)
Time - 2030
Place: Norvinsk(Malden 2023)

Backstory of the Situation - The Norvinsk region(a special economic zone) became a ideal island for international trading. Great conditions for large international companies to thrive. Though, this success that's been seen by the world has also attracted corporations with questionable intent. In Tarkov, one of the largest cities in the region, became ground zero for a political scandal. Six months later, the political standoff escalated into an armed conflict involving UN peacekeepers, the MVD, and two private military companies(USEC and BEAR). The region's ports and runways were closed, and those trapped in the middle are subjugated to unrivaled lawlessness, selfish killings, and bloody warfare the likes the world has never seen. Though, due to the background of the situation, no government can get involved or would like to get involved as it would cause serious controversy. 

Backstory of You - You are a former USEC trapped on the island of Norvinsk. You’re squad was on patrol when the USEC command ordered the retreat. But, you were stopped by a large squad of BEAR operatives. Deciding to not engage, you all fell back to a castle that was a former USEC base. After about a 4 months in Norvinsk, you all are running low on ammunition, food, water, and gas. You need to venture out into the world, and try to find a way off the island. Though, you don’t have a clue where to start looking. It’s been awhile since you contacted the USEC command, they will no doubt by this point think you are all deserters. You’ll be shot on sight if you get near their new HQ, or any USEC deserter for that matter. It seems everybody is hostile now, and you have to try to survive by any means necessary. Your best bet is to interrogate a local scav leader to learn any useful information on where a possible escape from the island may be.

Backstory of Terra Group - The notorious Terra Group(an international corporation), is one of the many foreign companies responsible for the illegal activities and research within Norvinsk, and one of the key players in the scandal that turned Tarkov into a collapsed war-zone. USEC is believed to act as a private army, protecting the company from investigation by any means necessary. Officially, Terra Group deals in scientific research concerned with biotechnology applied in agribusiness and farming. Terra Group however, is known for dealing in illicit activities across Norvinsk and Tarkov.  When relations completely broke down and USEC forces began firing upon BEAR troops, that’s when it all started. The whole island was turned into a war zone. The mass amount of guns and ammunitions could supply the entire population of Norvinsk twice. The island turned into a free for all. Massive riots rang across Tarkov and other large cities, leaving them looking like a post-apocalyptic wasteland. When USEC noticed the riots were getting to big to handle on their own. They put the lives of their troops first, and evacuated from the cities and Terra Group laboratories across the island. This left every worker for Terra Group stranded inside their building, and soon, they were overrun with Scavs looking something valuable they could sell. Most of the Terra Group employees were killed when this happened.

Backstory of USEC - The USEC private military company(PMC) was established in 1999 after the merger of two companies. In 2004, an agent of Terra Group made a contact with USEC, which essentially became a private military for Terra Group. USEC, employed by Terra Group as a security force, was attempting to destroy evidence of any potentially illegal activities of their employer. USEC attempted to protect Terra Group property from being captured by BEAR, the PMC hired by the Russian government to investigate the Terra Group operations. Since then, USEC has been building up their forces to fend off BEAR operatives. Currently, most of USEC troops were sent to Norvinsk to help protect their biggest contractor, Terra Group. However, when the UN shut off anyway out of Norvinsk, they were trapped on the island with a large force of hostile BEAR ground forces. They left Terra Group to help protect themselves. Terra Group offices were overrun with armed civilians known as Scavs. All USEC forces that still aligned themselves with USEC have evacuated to the shore awaiting helicopter transport from their own Air Force, but, any help they were going to get was stopped by UN forces. Them being trapped up against the shore is a devastating error. Most of the USEC soldiers have realized this, and abandoned USEC to save themselves. The USEC high command has reacted quite harshly to the desertion, and has ordered any deserter to be shot on sight. If you leave without direct orders from command to do so, then you are considered a deserter. This means your squad is considered deserters, even though you were all just trapped behind enemy lines.

Backstory of BEAR - The BEAR private military company(PMC) was established by a secret decree of the Russian Government as a countermeasure against illegal activities of Terra Group in Russian territory. This Russian PMC comprises of ex-special forces from all over former Soviet countries. The BEARs were fighting against USEC as a Russian government puppet to uncover the illegal activities of Terra Group and bring an end to the continued armed conflict with the Western-founded USEC PMC. After the UN closed off Norvinsk for anyway out or in, the Russian high command realized this is a perfect opportunity to eliminate the USECs and Terra Group without many repercussions. They’ve ordered BEAR to eliminate all of USEC forces, and Terra Group employees.They have been driving back the USEC forces very efficiently since the border was closed, and are expecting a swift victory.  

The Scavs - At the onset of active hostilities in the city, a trend of crime represents a threat for both civilians and armed forces of the conflicting parties(USEC and BEAR). Due to the tense situation in the city prior to the open conflict, Tarkov has developed conditions attractive for all kinds of criminals personalities. In addition, the development of the underworld business, especially in recent years, has encouraged the formation of a certain groups that don’t always follow the laws. After the UN closed off the borders, these groups has thrived in the lawlessness lands. Thus, at this point, the formation of groups actively engaged in looting, robbery and armed attacks can be observed in Tarkov, coupled with violence against the civilian population and even military staff. Recently, these groups have earned a nickname from the locals - Scavs. The Scav groups are quite varied, having a quite diverse ethnic and social attributes as well as the different levels and quality of equipment and varying degrees of sustainability. Ever since USEC forces has been shrinking at the hands of BEAR soldiers, the Scavs have been running rampant across Tarkov, and now are a regular sight to see.

Backstory of Raiders - Raiders are advanced Scavs that are considerably stronger and more tactical than everyday Scavs. They are likely former military, or groups of deserting PMC operatives from either side. They fight in groups, often patrolling militarized areas in small squadrons of three/four members, and employ multiple different weapons and tactics, not afraid to flank, rush, and pin down intruding PMCs(private military company). Extreme discretion is required when facing Raiders, as unprepared PMCs(a.k.a. Players) will often be shot down almost instantly.

-———————————————Tasks-————————————————
Mission 1 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Takistan Survival
The Paramilitary Group -
The paramilitary/cultist group in zombie occupied Takistan are former US soldiers that deserted the military when zombies started winning the war..They decided that it was god's plan to wipe out most of the human race to weed out the weak.They capture people, and make them fight to the death. Whoever wins get to be apart of their group. Whoever denies to join is killed even though they won their horrible gladiator style contest.
Since most of them deserted the military, they have a lot of combat training. This makes their group one of the deadliest to have ever existed. They also have mass amounts of US military gear. This includes US vests, helmets, weapons, and some vehicles. If you see a group with any of these items; running away is your best option for survival. Although if you do happen to kill them, you could get some awesome gear.

Bandits -
Wandering or bandits at a camp/outpost aren’t apart of the cultist group, but are allianced with them. The cultist group has decided that they are worthy to survive since they have the guts to kill for survival.


Your Backstory - 
You were on vacation in Takistan to try out the food when the town was attacked by a horde of zombies. You were only able to escape with your vast combat and survival knowledge from the time that you were in the Canadian military. You hid in an abandoned house for six months. You were safe, and that’s all that mattered. Of course you saw the occasional bandit group wander by, but none of them bothered you. 
One day however, a strange truck parked in your little village. They were wearing some US gear which confused you, but you stayed hidden. One approached your house, and noticed that the shades were drawn over the windows. He opened the door, and immediately identified that the house was being used. He called for his friends. In mid sentence of him calling for backup, you shot him twice in the chest. Everybody with him started heading towards your house. You stood your ground since the only way in or out was the door, and the bandits were for sure watching it with deadly intent. As you heard the pitter-pattering of footsteps getting closer; you started to mentally get yourself ready. To your surprise, they stopped advancing to the door. For multiple tense seconds, all you could hear was the quiet breathing of the bandits outside the door. All of a sudden a loud noise and blinding white light disoriented you completely. After a couple of seconds, you were knocked out cold from a buttstock of a gun. 
    You woke up a couple hours later in a back of a truck with some other people. You looked down, and noticed that you’re handcuffed. After the truck drove for a couple more miles, you arrived at the recruitment camp. The bandits put a bag over your head, and marched you to a cell occupied with at least twenty more other people. A bandit that claimed that he was the highest ranking marched to your cell. He basically explained everything about the paramilitary group, and how to get into the group(read the paramilitary group paragraphs to learn about them). After learning what they are going to make everybody in the cell do to each other. You started to devise a plan to escape with the other inmates. Unfortunately they started the contest before you all were finished with the plan. You were up first, and had the choice between a sword, mace, or axe. You chose axe as your main weapon, and were able to win the contest at the expense of your mental stability. 
You chose to deny the offer to join the group, and they put you back into the cell for later execution. You were able to finish the plan by yourself, and was able to escape the recruitment camp. You were able to kill a guard and steal some of his gear including his weapon and vest. After about an hour, they noticed you escaped. They sent out bandit patrols to search for you, and that's where you begin. Your first mission is to head to a resistance main base you heard about during the six month period of living in the house. You’ll have to see where the story takes you on from there.

Mission 1 
After escaping the cultist recruitment camp, your best chance of survival is to join the resistance. Unfortunately, they aren’t close. You’ll have to walk(or find other means) to the main resistance base. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Flooded Altis
After years of living in the wasteland once known as Altis; you have been with multiple different survivor groups, but none of them have made it. You have survived it all. You have given up on humans, and only trust yourself. In this scenario, one group of survivors has overthrown the military that was protecting the inhabitants on the island. The paramilitary/cultist group in Altis are former soldiers that deserted the military when zombies started winning the war.They decided that it was god's plan to wipe out most of the human race to weed out the weak. They have killed many people that you cared about. Your main goal is to overthrow their dominance on the island, and restore Altis to its once glory. It may be hard, but you must at least try. Their leader is a guy named The Strongest, nobody other than the people that are closest to him know anything more about him. Kill him and the cultist group is done.

They capture people, and make them fight to the death. Whoever wins get to be apart of their group. Whoever denies to join is killed even though they won their horrible gladiator style contest.
Since most of them deserted the military, they have a lot of combat training. This makes their group one of the deadliest to have ever existed. They also have mass amounts of US military gear. This includes US vests, helmets, weapons, and some vehicles. If you see a group with any of these items; running away is your best option for survival. Although if you do happen to kill them, you could get some awesome gear.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Revenge
Time - May 2023

Place - Agios Efstratios(Stratis)

Backstory of Apocalypse - After 30 years of constant war, Russia decided to finally just end it. They released a biological super weapon in all of their enemies countries. However they didn’t know how contagious the weapon was, and it quickly spread. Soon the entire world was infected, and everybody quickly turned to protecting themselves.This scenario will take place five months after the weapon was released. 

Backstory of the Player - You after the biological weapon was exposed to Stratis, stayed in your home with your family and trusted nobody else you didn’t know. You didn’t let anybody in, and stayed passive among the island. Now after five months of living in isolation, a group of bandits raided and robbed your family. They killed your wife, son, and dog. They left nearly nothing for you, but a glock, vest, and your spirit. You might be broken on the outside, but your fuel for vengeance is fired up. A man with nothing left to lose, is the man you will be playing in my scenario. Anybody who gets in your way will be taken out, and nobody except the survivor camp are your friends.

Your new life mission is to just kill every single bandit that was affiliated with your families death. It'll help every other honest survivor on the island, and possibly get one step closer to restoring society. 

The bandits that you had to deal with almost daily were the guys up at the lighthouse in Maryburg. They threatened your family nearly everyday, and killed anybody they saw that had a lot of gear on them. They were apart of the same bandit clan as the ones that killed your family. These bandits can be easily identified by their black masks. It's time to get some revenge.

(Bandits Writing) - A couple of the guys down the road at the other camp here just came over saying that they were able to set up a roadblock. They should be able to stop any survivors effectively now. They should bring in some good gear now!

The journal spoke of a this being one of the last camps of this bandit group for awhile, except of a little one in Daisymount. The middle of the island is mostly controlled by a new bandit syndicate that uses human meat as their primary source of food. They are identified by their red helmets, and torn up clothes. Be careful, they are highly dangerous, and highly experienced in killing.

The journal spoke of how they've got a bunch of survivor captured and shipped off to their main base at Camp Rogain. Now that's far away, so I should wait to go there until I've taken out every other bandit base/camp leading there. The journal also spoke of a bunch of cannibal camps out in the woods around camp Maxwell. I better be careful while going through those woods, or I might get caught off guard by those animals. Thank god these weren't the bandits that robbed my family.

The journal spoke of a military base occupied by these bandits just up the hill at LZ Connor. I should be careful because they have patrols going around the base at all times. It also spoke of a friendly survivor camp in the bank at the edge of Agios Cephas, but the journal did say that a group of people with red helmets did go into the bank. Maybe the guys with the red helmets were friendly, but it seems unlikely since the journal mentioned that all activity around the bank has ceased since then. 

The document said that most of the island has been taken over by the Mindless, so there won't be too many bandit bases/camps. Since I now know where all of the bandit bases are, I don't need to find anymore intel. All of the rest of the bases are at camp Rogain, west of Summerfield, top of Lovingship, 600 meters east of Aegen, and the last being in North Park City. The military is also patrolling the roads, and have little camps scattered all over the north of the island. The military also own the airfield, so be very careful getting even close to their. If you don’t know the military is killing any survivors they see after the last evacuation plane left the island.

The journal mostly said of how good their ambush spot was, and how many people they have captured and sent to their main base at camp Rogain. 

Congrats, you cleared the island of bandits, and killed most of the hostile military. You can now leave the island knowing you have saved a lot of innocent survivors.

They have intel on a recently landed military helicopter at LZ Bravo, but it's guarded by military personnel. They don’t want to take it because they want to stay in the hellhole to wreak some more havoc.  

Info before playing:

This scenario is strictly singleplayer, and all survival aspects will be in play(this includes starvation, dehydration, looting for supplies, and taking no chances with unfriendly looking survivors). 

This Stratis is heavily altered, and has a multitude of different cities added to make the boring hills more lively. The towns are made to have a very post apocalyptic feel to them.

This is a scenario where you have to take revenge on a bandit group that killed your family, and left you for dead. Your character will talk occasionally using the radio in interesting areas. 

All friendly survivors are invincible, so you don't have to worry about killing any friendly survivors on accident. 

There will be very little tasks, it’ll mostly just be intel. The intel is used by picking a document up off of a table. A diary record will be added to your map(the menu to the top left of your map). That diary record will give you info on where more bandit bases are, but they aren’t needed. You could go across the map blind, or have the most amount of intel possible; it’s your choice.

Backstory of the Player - You after the biological weapon was exposed to Stratis, stayed in your home with your family and trusted nobody else you didn’t know. You didn’t let anybody in, and stayed passive among the island. Now after five months of living in isolation, a group of bandits raided and robbed your family. They killed your wife, son, and dog. They left nearly nothing for you, but a glock, vest, and your spirit. You might be broken on the outside, but your fuel for vengeance is fired up. A man with nothing left to lose, is the man you will be playing in my scenario. Anybody who gets in your way will be taken out, and nobody except the survivor camp are your friends.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Halo: Fall of Stratis
Backstory
A large sum of Insurrectionist forces has captured a island called Stratis on a similar planet to Earth called Dearth just a day ago. They have most of the inhabitants hostages, or have converted them into their ranks; this makes it much more difficult to take back the island. Just a few hours ago the Insurrectionist opened a forerunner(a highly advanced alien race that is extremely old) building of some kind that was located  in the water near Stratis Airbase. This must have been their reason to capture the island. What they found thought was not wealth, power, or anything like that but the flood(a galactic zombie virus basically). They soon were overrun by the flood, and had to retreat to the southern and eastern parts of the island. This strain of flood however is new. They resemble the iconic horror piece called zombies, so be very careful while around one because they are able to turn others into a lower form of the flood. The heavily infected parts of the island has been marked on your map. Every other area on the island is controlled mainly by Insurrectionist. For safety they have mostly gathered at multiple strongly fortified bases making it easier on you to hunt them down. You will see the occasional moving team, but for the most part you will only be encountering hostile forces in strong bases made to withstand UNSC(the galactic military that you are apart of in this scenario) forces. You will be taking on the Flood and Insurrectionist forces on this mission. The Insurrectionist do not know that we are aware of them capturing Stratis, so they won’t be expecting you at all. You will also be the only friendly on Stratis other than hostages you may encounter, so if you see a guy with a gun; shoot him down with full intent to kill. Good luck and godspeed soldiers.

Mission Briefing
    You will be dropped in using drop pods about 1km from your first target. You will be going from base to base taking out all of Insurrectionist force. You will be encountering the flood(the galactic zombie virus) on this mission, so exercise extreme caution while going into abandoned areas because more than likely the flood has inhabited those areas. You will be the only UNSC on the island at the time of your mission, but there might still be hostages on the island. They will not be expecting us, so hit them hard and fast so you can keep it that way. If you see any hostages just leave them; we will send a pelican to their position, and we will escort them off the island safely . After eliminating all Insurrectionist forces; you will be picked up by a friendly pelican, and escorted back to base.  

Brief Description of Scenario
This is a halo(a futuristic military shooter video game) based mission where a team of Spartans(Spartans are the super soldiers of Halo) has to clear out a island of Insurrectionist(the galactic terrorist of halo) while also dealing with a new strand of the flood(the galactic zombie virus). This will be a very difficult mission, so I encourage lots of saving during the mission. There may be lag during the mission(especially in the heavily infected zones). The mission will be a long one, so make sure that you play this when you have a lot of time on your hands, or have the commitment to keep playing it over multiple days. Goodluck and enjoy!

The Use of Ravage in This Scenario 
All ravage aspects except for random vehicle spawning is enabled in this scenario including zombies.

The Backstory on You - 
You are considered to be the third best Spartan right before Noble Six and miles behind the Master Chief. While you were training you made some friends; you all later became a team of super soldiers named team phenotype. Your team voted you to be the team leader, so you will be him in this mission.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Escaping the Caribou Frontier
Backstory of the Protagonist - You are George Garrett, and you have been separated from your group of survivors called the Squad. You were once the leader of the Squad. Your group was the most feared group on all of Caribou. When you left, another long time survivor in the Squad proposed a monarch for the island instead of a democracy. This outraged you, but too many people agreed with him to make your voice and some others silent. You tried to speak out your mind one day which resulted in the closet innocent to a gunfight within the Squad for a very long time. This event made you angry with the idea that nobody wants to hear your voice again in the Squad even though you were once the leader of the Squad. You decided to hide out in a small boat house for a 2-3 months. You think now that the event happen long enough ago that the Squad will let you back in even though you have opposing views with the majority of the Squad. Unfortunately though you have no idea where they are, so you think that the most likely place for them to be is where the close gun fight between you and some others happened. This is where my scenario starts off at, good luck survivor(s).

Backstory of the Apocalypse - If you have played my other scenario Escaping Namalsk, and know the backstory on that then you probably don't have to read this, but if you don't remember it or haven't ever played it then read this for some lore in this world that I'm trying to expand. After twenty years of CSAT and NATO going at each other's throats; NATO and CSAT eventually broke into a full fledged war involving the entire world. Every country joined in on the war because whoever won would have their government become the world's universal government(If CSAT wins than the world will become communist, and if NATO wins than the entire world will be a democratic government). There was third parties in the war, but they were taken out very quickly into the war. The US is the leader of NATO while Russia is the leader of CSAT; They both are very powerful, and very dangerous at this time. The world is in a complete onslaught for the chance to spread their government across the globe. Right now CSAT has all of Asia and part of Europe while NATO has North and South America, parts of Africa, and the other of part of Europe. CSAT has taken control of Germany and any surrounding countries. NATO is doing their best, but CSAT just isn't budging. It seems hopeless for NATO until they decided to break a global rule. NATO released a biological super weapon that covered all of CSAT controlled countries including Caribou. NATO realized what they did was a absolutely horrible thing to do because most of the casualties caused by this biological weapon is civilians. NATO and CSAT decided to join forces because CSAT knew that they couldn't deal with this problem by themselves and NATO felt horrible for what they did. They soon realized that this biological weapon was stronger than they ever expected. While the biological weapon kept spreading both sides started to panic. They were only left with one option; cleanse the infected areas. Which means basically bomb all of the infected areas not leaving any survivors to ensure the survival of the human race. Although this was their plan, they don't have enough supplies to bomb Caribou. What this means is Caribou is safe from being blown up, but will still have to deal with the zombie infestation that tore apart the world.

Backstory of the Island - Caribou after the great war started was turned into a military island which made the inhabitants forced to work for the military, and make guns daily for the military. When the biological weapon struck, the island was not as affected due to the weapon having to go over many miles of water. This meant that most of the population on Caribou survived, but this didn't mean that they stayed sain. Most started grabbing the military weapons from the factories. This eventually lead to the fall of Caribou, and started the free for all on the island. 

Why bandit camps/bases might be dead before you arrive at the bandit base -Bandit Bases could be dead at some point during your game due to other raiders have already killed them. This is just how this world goes, not every bandit base is full proof from other bandits. They are as killable as anyone else on this island(except blufor, they're invincible at bases).

Attacking Friendly Base: It is extremely hard to attack friendly bases due to the fact that all of the AI at friendly bases have very good weapons, very high skill, and very good armor. If you do attack a friendly base, then you could get very good gear. I suggest you only attack friendly bases after the mission called, “Find A Way to Kill the Boss by Asking the Content Zone Leader”. After that mission you may kill any friendly zone you want.

Why is this scenario named Operation Cataclysm - This scenario is named that because the operation for the biological weapon to be dropped was called Operation Cataclysm due to the sheer power of the weapon. 

_____________________Gained Diary Records______________________

The Letter - Hi again Garrett, I believe that if you have came back to the Squad than I suspect that you want to join once more. Guess what, no you piece of garbage. I won't let such an inferior being get in the way of my dream of creating a empire on this island. I’m going to have to ask you to leave immediately, or I will have to use force. If you try to kill me than men will hunt you down, and kill you with a slow painful death with nobody but my men cutting at your cold flesh. If you still try to live on the island than my men will find you and kill you, if you try to start a revolution than my men will find you and kill everybody apart of the revolution. Basically there is no way you can win here Garrett. My suggestion is just to leave now before things get ugly. Here are some suggestions where a helicopter might be: hightower, Eastside Port, Valleyside Outpost, Communications Station, Outpost East, Brigade Halls, Blaise End stantsii, Sklon Holma zastava, and finally Outpost West. Those are all places where my regime hasn’t reached yet. Also if you find any wandering bandits, those guys probably belong to me. Now get on your way, I don’t want you on my island any longer than I have to.

____________________________Tasks_____________________________

Go to the Last Known Position of Your Squad - Go back to the last known position of your squad to possibly find them. If you don't find them there then your last chance to find them is to ask some friendly bases. If the friendly base doesn’t know where they are than, they must be dead. 

Question the Safe Zone Leader - You're next best bet to be able to find your squad is to question the safe zone leader if he has seen your squad. If he doesn't know where they are, than they must have died.

Look for Your Squad in Oil Bay - The Safe Zone Leader said that they would be in Oil Bay somewhere, but how he said it was almost scared. As if they were a death squad, or something like that. I wonder what they have doing since I have left.

Find A Way to Kill the Boss by Asking the Content Zone Leader - You always knew that he wanted to make a government on the island, but you never thought that he would actually do it. You always said to him that a democratic government is the best, but you could never get through to him. It's going to be hard to kill him, but you have no other way around this. It's most likely that you will have to find some sort of vehicle to kill him because you will never be able to kill him by yourself with only some guns and some armor.  

Find a Boat to Raven Rock - The content highly recommended me to not kill the Boss, but he did eventually tell me that a attack helicopter does rest on Raven Rock. How ever though the island is swarming with running zombies, and Squad bandits that are also looking for the helicopter. This will be a highly dangerous mission, but it seems that I have no other choice.

Find a Attack Helicopter to Kill the Boss - The content zone told you that Raven Rock had a attack helicopter that was capable of destroying any settlement on the island. This may be your only chance on killing the Boss before he establishes a monarchy on the main island that is so powerful that no one man with any weapon can stand against him. 

Kill the Boss(Optional) - You may kill the boss to ensure that he will never be able to establish a monarchy on this once great island.

Escape by Going Over Tin Can Isle - Your final mission is to escape by flying over Tin Can Isle. This mission is not affected at all if you killed Boss or not. 

___________________________Dialogue___________________________

Main Character: I better be careful of the bandit camp just up the hill near the lighthouse. They could try to kill me if they see me.

Leader of the Safe Zone: Oh you're looking for the "Squad". All friendly bases are affiliated with them to be careful if you're trying to go against them because you would be going against me to.

Random Guy(s) at the Squad Base: 1. Over here, in the big metal warehouse! 
2. You won't believe what has been going on Garett. Talk to the new Leader. He has been expecting you.
3. Oh it's you. I can't wait to see the look on your face when you find out what has happened. Go talk to the Squad Leader, he's been expecting you.

Boss: Here read this note, this will tell you everything. I don't want to waste my words on such of a lower being like you. The letter should have been added to your Map Menu where all of the backstories are. It should be called simply the Letter.

Content Zone Leader: Hi, welcome to the Content Zone survivor. May I be of service to you?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Red Dawn

Backstory of the War - In this timeline, the Cold War never ended. The Soviet Union never fell, and relations between the US and the Soviets only got worse. By 2020, the Soviets, China, Vietnam, Laos, and Cuba declared war against the US, UK, France, Canada, and any other smaller democratic countries. Basically, WW3 began after the Soviet Union interrogated five US spies, and learned that the US was planning on executing all communist leaders across the world in an effort to stop the cold war. Five months after the declaration of war, the fighting began in Europe. Soon followed the invasion of Alaska, Japan, Canada, and Malden. The Soviet adopted similar strategies that US had during WW2, island hopping.Taking every island one by one with the help of Vietnam and North Korea. This is where the story begins, two weeks after the invasion of Malden.

Backstory of Malden - Malden(in this universe) is off the coast of Alaska. At this time, it’s summer so the island is covered with snow at the moment. This makes it a great spot for surveillance on the Soviet Union. That’s part of the reason why the Soviets invaded Malden so early into WW3. Malden has always been a militaristic island, but when the Soviets were spotted 100 miles off the western coast of Malden; the military evacuated the civilians and all military personnel. They did this because it would be a waste of manpower trying to keep such a small island against the forces of the Soviet Union’s Navy and Airforce. It would just be another massacre during the war, and the US definitely didn’t want their first battle to be a complete disaster against the Soviets. 


Diary(READ_ALL):
Respawn Markers: These are places you could capture, and gain a respawn area there. However, these places will not have a helicopter, so be ready to be driving.

The Helicopter at Spawn: The helicopter at the main spawn does have infinite respawns, but has a 10 minute respawn delay if disabled or destroyed.

Roaming Vehicles: There are roaming Gazs(Armored cars with a pkp turret on top) around Malden. They are not required to be destroyed, but can be a deadly force if not dealt with.

Why There are Barely Any Civilians: The US evacuated most of the island when they got intel that multiple large Soviet planes were moving to Malden. The US was almost successful, but the last plane that was about to leave the island was meet with the unrelenting force of the Soviet Union's Air Force and Navy. Three Aircraft carriers and around 10 paratrooper planes was spotted approaching the island. Everybody on the last evacuation plane was taken off the plane, and was executed on the runway. Only a few people on the island stayed voluntarily. Most of those people were either killed or taken hostage. Your group of guerrilla fighters didn’t believe in leaving your homes, and letting the Soviets do whatever they want on your island. We must fight back the Red Menace, and defend our island to the last man!

How Long Has the Soviets Been on the Island: It's been around two weeks now. Most of the main Soviet forces that landed on the island have left after there was no fight from the US to keep Malden. They only left enough forces to keep the island on lockdown, and to patrol the towns for any US civilians that were left behind. 


Your final mission is to infiltrate the airport, and use the main radio tower to message the US about the situation of Malden. Once this is done, the US will finally send backup to the island, and regain control of Malden once and for all.(Complete the mission by getting close to the radio tower. Also the marker on the map won’t show up for this mission sense. I want you to find the radio tower by yourself. Good luck and godspeed).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operation - Vigilant Harvest
Time: 3:02:00 - 2524 CE
Place: Malden - Chi Ceti IV

Mission Brief - Today, you will be infiltrating a heavily occupied insurgent owned island, and eliminate all targets. This will include the highest ranking on the planet, and in the Chi Ceti system. Do not mess this up because we will likely not have another chance at this guy. We do trust you enough to let you decide in what order you want to do the missions, and how you want to proceed them. Be warned, there will be a variety of land vehicles, aircraft, and armed boats patrolling the island. It seems, if we take down this island, we might be one step closer to taking down the insurrection once and for all. You will be dropped in using a SOEIV Human Entry Vehicle, a.k.a. a drop pod. You will be the only UNSC forces on the island except for some scouting squad around the island. If you encounter any, be sure to help them out if they need assistance, it might be vital to your mission. Good luck ODST, and godspeed.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operation - Tanoa Harvest
Time: 6:02:00 - 2523 CE
Place: Tanoa - Chi Ceti IV

First Objective: Eliminate the leader of the rebellion

Second Objective: Gain superiority in the town by eliminating most of the hostile forces in the town

Third Objective: Destroy all of their heavy weapons such as APCs and tanks

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Apocalyptic Gangs of Chernarus

Diary Records:

Gangs of Chernarus
Broken Anvil: Since the dissolvement of the PMC organization called Anvil, some members of Anvil have created a group called the Broken Anvils, also commonly known as the Cherno Gang.  They are the most peaceful gang out of the main 5, but are still dangerous if you cross them. Their only rule is to not cross the gang, as long as you follow that rule, you’re allowed to join their gang. They can be identified by their military style look and weapons.
People-Eaters: The People-Eaters are exactly what their name says, they eat people. Being the second most powerful gang in terms of territory, they are a serious threat to Chernaurs. They are incredibly hostile to all survivors, even ones inside their own gang. No one is safe inside their territory. They can be identified by their red apparel and bloody clothing.
Nigh Enders: The Nigh Enders are a group of people that all have one similar goal: loot, steal, kill, and survive. The members of the gang are banded together with a shallow goal to live life as lawless as possible. They are a bunch of bandits looking to steal from anybody and everybody that’s not in the gang, though that doesn’t always stop them. They are very hostile, and will shoot you on sight. They can be identified by their black clothing.
Purgers: The Purgers are a group of people that believe the zombie apocalypse happened for a specific reason; to herd out the weak. They are all determined to be the number one superpower in the world, and will kill anybody that poses a threat to their gang. This makes them very hostile, and will kill you on sight. They can be identified by their gas masks and their militaristic weapons.
Tyrs Revival: A cult of maniacs that believe norse mythology is real, and think this is the next Ragnarök. They are extremely hostile and will kill anyone they don’t know. If you see any, shoot on sight as they won’t hesitate to shoot you. They are a relatively small group, but big enough to be a serious threat to many surviving in Chernarus. They can be identified by their bloody masks and orange/brown apparel. 

Important General Information - Read All:

General information 
This scenario is about the post-apocalyptic Chernarus ravaged by zombies and hostile humans. You as the player will embark on a journey that will span all of the wasteland through many different hostile territories. There are five different main gangs in this scenario, you can read about them separately. 
Warning, this scenario may become laggy at time, but this will usually only occur in cities/towns(or a place with a lot of objects). 
You may play this by yourself, but it is only able to be played through a server. You will have to launch the scenario through the multiplayer tab to play. 
You may want to play with friends as the scenario can be tough at areas, and not having an ally to revive you can become challenging. 
The scenario is quite long, expect to have to play in multiple game sessions.
Don’t kill your teammates, the friendly AI will kill you. 
After completing a task, it may take a few seconds to pop up that you completed it due to some lag.
If you put a gun with attachments in your backpack, the attachments can disappear due to some bug with either Arma or a mod.
When playing with multiple players, there is a chance for one(or more) of the players to receive very bad stutters. At the moment, I do not know what causes this, and there is currently no fix to this.

    The Zeus Player
I’ve allowed one of the players to have zeus privileges, so they can edit or enhance the experience of other players. It also allows the player to fix the scenario if something wrong happens. Hopefully that won’t happen, but there is always a possibility.

Mission Areas
Mission areas are places that future missions will take place. This means you cannot enter these areas until you unlock the mission that allows you to enter the area. After the mission is complete, you may enter the area whenever you may please. They are colored black and have text on the map stating it’s a mission area. If you do enter one before you are allowed in that area, you risk the possibility of ruining the scenario and having to start over. 

Respawn Houses
If you get near the house, it will unlock a respawn at that location. The house will be marked on the map via a pink dot. Inside the house, it will also be equipped with a blank virtual arsenal so you can load your previous loadout. The house is painted white, an orange roof, and a blue door. There are always trucks at the respawn house, usually eight. If you enter them, and desert them for farther than 1000m, the truck will respawn. This goes the same for any other vehicle near respawns.

Backstory: 

    Backstory of the Apocalypse
The apocalypse started five years before the events of this scenario. It began near Elektro, a few reports of ravage people attacking others began to become more and more present until PMC’s were hired to deal with this. Some reports started to use the word “zombies” as it became more clear what was going on. The russian government quickly silenced these accusations, and all media were forced not to cover what was going on in Elektro. About 3 months after the first report, the city was put under quarantine, but in reality, the civilians were being slaughtered in the city. Their idea was if the fungus had no more living things to infect, it couldn’t spread itself. However, they were very wrong. The illness began popping up in other areas around Elektro. The PMC hired for the job was named Anvil, they were notorious for their success rate. However, they were being beaten by this fungus, something they’ve admittingly never faced. They couldn’t figure out how the fungus was moving when all the hosts were present in Elektro. They eventually ordered a kill on sight order to anyone suspected of being infected to stop the disease. It, as you might guess, didn’t work. It ended up spreading out the Anvil forces too thin, and many of them perished along side of the russian police. About a year after the infection was first noticed is when Russia declared the area of Chernarus to be put under a quarantine and locked hundreds of thousands of non-infected people into the zone. Anyway in or out has been prohibited, and anyone inside has been left for dead. All while this has been happening, the russian government has stopped all media on reporting about this, and anyone who speaks a word about it will be executed. After four years, the quarantine is still in effect, and many have learned that escaping is futile. Most have become content with their new existence in the apocalypse, and try to survive by joining forces with each other. There used to be a lot more gangs, but only five remain after four years of quarantine. Some were destroyed, and others joined with stronger gangs. Most of these gangs have stopped accepting new members as most people surviving now are already in gangs. This means they will kill many they don’t recognize on sight. Assume everyone outside the Broken Anvils territory to be hostile, as the other gangs are not as friendly.

    Backstory of the Player
You play as Alexander Ivanov, a retired russian Spetznaz. You live in Kamenka, a little coastal town east of Balota. You are unmarried with no children, and not many relatives live near Chernarus. You have a very tight group of friends that all have military experience. After the quarantine came into effect; you just stayed in your house, only leaving when you needed supplies. It was a boring existence, but a safe one. After a few years, supplies near your house became nearly impossible to find, and had to venture out farther and farther on each expedition. This became increasingly dangerous, and you considered to yourself for many months about joining one of these gangs. Eventually, a group of Broken Anvil members settled down in Kamenka. A day or two later is when the scenario picks up the story.

Dialogue:
Welcome to the Broken Anvils survivor, head up to the armory at the Balota Airstrip, they’ll give you some basic gear there so our guys know you’re one of us. You should be able to find them in the main hangar.
Hey survivor, you see that hung guy over there. We call him chilling Dave. You know why we call him that? He's always just hangin out. Also, don't fuckin cross us or that'll happen to you and any friends you got.
Hey you, if you're interested in joining the gang, head up to the top level of the office building behind us. The boss should be in his room; he'll discuss you joining our ranks
Welcome to the Balota Broken Anvil Armory, I assume you are a new recruit for the Broken Anvils. Go ahead and grab whatever gear you want out of the supply box near the entrance to the large tent.
Hey dude, if you ever see a helicopter, that’s ours so don’t think it’s hostile. It’s on a constant patrol of our territory to ensure that no pesky rival gangs are on our land.
Hey new recruit, your first mission is to clear out an unmanned town directly south of Kozlovka of Tyr Revival bandits. Find a radio we left there, and use it to radio this base that you’ve completed your mission. Good luck sucker.
Nice job recruit, I honestly didn’t expect you to live through that. Head up to the Green Mountain Transmission Outpost northeast of Zelenogorsk and east of Sosnovka. You will report to your commanding officer there, and be assigned your orders.
Welcome to the “Doom-guys” unit, you’re gonna be on one hell of a ride. Go grab some gear from the armory if you haven’t already as you have been granted full access to all equipment in there. One of the few perks you get for being one of the best soldiers Broken Anvils has to offer.
Hello survivor, I’m glad to hear you’re interested in joining a gang. Safety in numbers right? To join us, the Broken Anvils, you need to head down to Komarovo. There you can talk to a recruiter for the gang.
What's up dude, hang here for awhile if you like. We don't judge if a member wants to rest a bit at a safe zone.
I’m impressed with your performance, I’m inducting you into the “Doom-Guys” Special Forces unit. Your next mission is to clear out an outpost of Tyr bandits. Go grab some better gear from the supply box on the second story in the barracks. Also, you may take that helicopter to complete your mission if you so choose.
Very well done Doom-Guy clearing out that outpost. Your next mission is to eliminate a sniper in Kozlovka.
Yeah fine I'll tell you, but you have to promise not to kill me. He’s currently Skalisty Island hiding out. His place is covered in lights, so it won’t be hard to find. 
You’re all such idiots for being able to conquer the rest of Chernarus. They’re at the airfield northeast of Krasnostav. Good luck, you’ll need it.
Would you like to run a little errand for me?
Could you find a crashed helicopter for me in the Black Mountains? I can’t since my knee was hurt from a botched parachute landing.

Task:

Main Mission
Talk to the People Across the Street: A friendly group of people moved in across the street a few days ago. It’s about time you joined a group as you’ve been barely surviving on your own. This group might possibly be the Broken Anvils as you are in their territory. Rumors say they are the friendliest gang in Chernarus, and the easiest to get into. These guys are your best bet to survive this apocalypse. 
Join the Broken Anvils: The best chances of surviving in this world is joining a group of people; protection in numbers. The most sane of these gangs has got to be the Broken Anvils. Join them in one of their main camps in the town of Komarovo. They should be held up in the main industrial part of the town.
Grab Gear from the Broken Anvils Armory: The leader of the camp in Komarovo said go get some gear from their armory in the main hangar at the Balota Airstrip.
Force the Tyr Revival Gang Out of the Unnamed Town South of Kozlovka: A group of Tyr Revival bandits have moved into an unnamed town directly south of Kozlovka. Force them out of the town/kill any that refuse to retreat. Complete the mission by finding a radio in town and report to us that you have completed your mission. 
Report to Your Assigned Outpost in the Green Mountains: When you reported to the Balota Airstrip of the success in your task, you were assigned to the Green Mountain Transmission Outpost northeast of Zelenogorsk and east of Sosnovka. Once you get there, report to the commanding officer of the outpost to be assigned your mission. He should be in the closest tent next to the barracks. To spot the outpost, there is a very tall and large communications tower in the outpost. A vital component to the success of the Broken Anvils.
Clear Out the Tyr Outpost of Hostiles Southeast of Pulkovo: You have been assigned to a special forces unit named “Doom-guys”. Supposedly, everyone in the unit operates alone or with minimal friends. They get orders over the radio so they don’t have to travel all the way back to the Green Mountain Outpost. This means you will be behind enemy lines, taking out strategic points in the enemies defenses. The job may be hard, you get some benefits with it. You get your own helicopter to maximize movement speed, and get great gear for free from the Green Mountain Outposts armory. You are also called “Doom-Guy” instead of soldier now. Your first mission is to clear out a Tyr controlled outpost southeast of Pulkovo. It’s close to the town and should have a tower icon on the outpost. To complete your mission, find the radio in the base, and report your success to Green Mountain Outpost.
Kill the Tyr Revival Sniper in Kozlovka: There has been a sniper on the border between the Broken Anvils and Try Revival taking out our guys. He is really good, and we need him dead. Last time he was seen, he was in Kozlovka. There may be some Tyr patrols in the town as it’s in their territory. He may be replenishing there, but we aren’t certain. He should be wearing a homemade ghillie suit that is tan/brown. Be careful Doom-Guy, he is very dangerous; approach the town with caution.
Assassinate the Leader of Tyr Revival in Chernogorsk: We have gotten intel from another Doom-Guy that the main base of the Tyr Revival gang is stationed in Chernogorsk. This is a very hostile area and is extremely ill-advised to enter; however, we need this gang to collapse to grow our territory. The leader should be in the western part of the city, located in a large unfinished building. The place should be lit up like a Christmas tree, so it shouldn’t be hard to spot. Good luck Doom-Guy, we are counting on you.
Destroy a Nigh Enders Radio Tower in Chernogorsk: Very great job killing the leader of the Tyr Revival. We intercepted some communication from them, and they’re falling apart. We will take care of the stragglers. We got a bigger mission for you; cripple the Nigh Enders. That is at least the overall mission, but we have a smaller mission for you currently. We want you to get accustomed to the Nigh Enders fighting style, clothing, and weapons. So, we’re going to have you take on a small camp in Chernogorsk since you’re in the area. Plus it gives us more of a chance to take the city. To complete the mission, find explosives in the camp, and detonate it on the radio tower to inhibit some of their comms. Once the tower is destroyed, we will consider the mission a success. Good luck Doom-Guy, and happy killing. 
Save the Cornered Doom-Guy in Mogilevka: We have just gotten news of a Doom-Guy getting cornered by Nigh Enders in a barricaded church. He is running low on ammo, so we need you to intercept the hostile forces approaching his location before they kill him. He’s one of our best, so we need him alive. If he dies, it will be a big hit to the Doom-Guy unit. Complete the mission by getting to his location in the church grounds. 
Destroy a Vital Radio Tower in Guglovo: The last radio tower was just for communications in Chernogorsk, this one's for all over the Nigh Enders territory. This will be a big hit to the Nigh Enders communication over their large territory. Destroy the radio tower by finding explosives in the base next to the tower. Once the tower has been destroyed, we will consider the mission to be a success.
Obtain Highly Valuable Files at Black Forest Amusement Park: There is a heavily guarded encampment of Nigh Enders at Black Forest Amusement Park. We have reason to believe there is highly valuable intel in this location regarding the location of the Nigh Enders Leader. Since the main radio tower has been taken down, they won’t know you’re coming. Find a file obtaining the intel we’re looking for. 
Kill Alek Lebedev in Gorka: It seems the intel contained the location of several Generals, all of them control vital parts of the gang. The first general you’re going to kill is Alek Lebedev. He controls the logistics of the gang. All the nerdy boring stuff that no one else is willing to do. If we kill him, the gang is bound to crash. Be warned, we have no intel on what defensives he might have, so you are going in blind. Good luck Doom-Guy.
Kill Adrik Yahontov in Polana: The next general you’re going to kill is Adrik Yahontov. He is head of strategic military planning for the Nigh Enders. Basically, he plans coordinated attacks on other gangs. Once he’s gone, the gangs days are numbered. Be warned, once again we have no intel on the defenses. Though, it is safe to assume that he will be more heavily guarded than Alek Lebedev. Godspeed Doom-Guy.
Interrogate the Final General North of Solnichniy in a Factory: The last general we have to find is in an abandoned factory turned into highly guarded facility. This guy is going to be hard to get to, but we believe you’ll be able to do it. He is also said in the intel to be weak minded. Once you find him, interrogate him to find out where the leader of the gang is hiding. Once you have that information, kill him or spare him, it doesn’t matter. Good luck Doom-Guy.
Find and Eliminate the Nigh Enders Leader on Skalisty Island: As he never gave up his exact place on the island, you will have to find him on your own accord. He will be with the mission area circle. Kill him and the Nigh Enders will be in shambles, the gang will quickly dissolve. Now, kill the leader, and we will assign you onto another gang. Good luck Doom-Guy.
Save Some Broken Anvil Survivors from People-Eaters in Pustoshka: Great job eliminating the leader of the Nigh Enders. We are now assigning you to the People-Eaters gang. We have gotten word that some Broken Anvil survivors have been captured by People-Eater members. They have them in the grocery store in Pustoshka. Be careful as these guys are literally crazy. They will not hesitate to kill you on sight. Good luck Doom-Guy. Also, a helicopter recently crashed in Elektro, you may scavenge the crash if you so please.
Capture the Main Motorpool and Primary Radio Tower of the People-Eaters: We have located the main motorpool of the People-Eaters.Capture their base, and secure the area. Find a radio in the tower, and contact the Green Mountain Outpost that you’ve completed your mission. Approach the radio to complete your mission. Good luck Doom-Guy.
Search and Eliminate the Leader of the People-Eaters at the Northern Airfield: Since the People-Eaters are a very unconventional gang, they don’t have many places of interest. This means their forces are mostly just occupying towns in their area, they only have a few outposts we’ve already taken care of. The final base is where the leader of the gang orchestrates his forces. We need to eliminate this man for the gang to fall. He should be in the northern airfield, but we don’t know exactly where. Find him and eliminate him swiftly. Once you complete this mission, we’ll put you onto the final gang in Chernarus, the Purgers.
Capture an Important Armory for the Purgers in Novy Lug Correctional Facility: We have located the main armory for the Purgers. We want you to secure the area, and eliminate any hostiles in the facility. Find a long range radio in the base, and radio the Green Mountain Outpost that you completed the mission. Good luck Doom-Guy, and be warned, these guys have some serious gear. Approach them with extreme caution.
Capture the Purgers Main Prison Camp in Pobeda Dam: Another Doom-Guy has found the main prison camp of the Purgers. It is unknown what they do there as we had previously thought they just killed civilians on sight. It is possible that this is where they induct new recruits into the gang, and throw out the rest. Eliminate all Purgers in the base, and save the captured civilians. To complete this mission, approach the tied up civilians, and release them. If they were executed, just approach their bodies, and we’ll consider the mission a success as we just want you to secure the facility. Good luck Doom-Guy. Be warned, the Doom-Guy spotted AA-Weapons at the base, approach the dam with extreme caution.
Interrogate a High Ranking Member of the Purgers in Chezniki: We are sorry to hear about the civilians at Pobeda Dam, but can’t save them all. Your new mission is to locate and interrogate a high ranking member of the Purgers about the main base of their gang. Due to their small territory, there should only be one more main base. In that base should hold the leader of the Purgers. Find and interrogate the high ranking member in Chezniki, and we’ll consider the mission a success. Good luck Doom-Guy.
Search the Krasnostav Airfield for the Leader of the Purgers: After interrogating the high ranking member in Chezniki, you now know that the leader of the Purgers is at the Krasnostav Airfield. Locate and eliminate the leader of the Purgers, and we’ll consider the mission a success. If you don’t find him there as interrogating is unreliable for correct information, search for files that might lead you to his actual location.
Eliminate the Leader of the Purgers in the Underground Station: Supposedly, the leader of the Purgers had learned of your success rate of taking down gangs, and went into hiding. According to the documents you found, he is currently hiding in the underground station west of Khelm. In the document, it stated that the Purgers had originally been another PMC contracted to the Altar Hill testing facility, which is currently in former Nigh Ender territory. It’s vague on what they were testing in the place, but some records state that it gave some of the contractors PTSD from what they saw. This would be the explanation for their military grade gear. After you kill the Purgers leader, we’ll consider the Purgers days numbered. This will be your last mission for now as all the immediate gangs in the area have been eliminated thanks to you. Good job Doom-Guy, and Godspeed on this final mission.
End the Scenario by Flying into this Task Marker When You Are Ready: As you have finished your last mission main mission in the scenario, you are now allowed to end the scenario by flying into the task marker on your map. Fantastic job finishing this scenario, and I hope you enjoyed it.

    Side Mission
Side Mission - Travel to Elektrozavodsk to Find a Crashed Helicopter: Supposedly There is a crashed helicopter that had a lot of good loot in Elektro. Find it, and you get a lot of great loot. 
Side Mission - Travel to Batarov to Find Amazing Gear: Supposedly, there is a crate filled with amazing gear dropped off there that fell off a military cargo plane. No one has been able to get to it because Batarov is filled with zombies. Find it, and you become one of the most dangerous people in Chernarus. The crate the plane dropped is a supply box, the same crates that you use in respawn houses. 
Head to Rog and Eliminate the Leader of a Growing Clutist Group: Another Doom-Guy has asked you to complete a little mission for him. Supposedly there is some decent loot there.


Things to fix:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Stratis Battle Royal

Mission Brief: 
Congratulations on acing your entrance exam into the Broken-Anvil Private Military Company. You have done well to get to this point, but here on out will test your abilities no matter how refined they are. Today, your ultimate test will be taken to see if you are worthy to be in our special forces unit known as the Doom-Guys. Only one of the participants will pass the exam today, therefore only one of you will be joining their ranks. You will be paradropped on the island in 1 of 2 points of your choosing. As soon as you hit the ground, you are both allowed to open fire on others, and be open fired at. Though, you cannot shoot other participants still in the air; you must wait for them to land. Also, each participant will be given a different starting gun at random, but you may take others' weapons if you want to; there are no rules regarding having to keep your starting weapon. Once you are on the ground, turn on your geiger counter as the island is radioactive, and be aware of certain hostiles on the ground that aren't other participants. They were former residents of the island until a nuclear bomb landed near the island back in the 60s when the Soviet Union was still testing nuclear bombs. Their brains were transformed/mutated and are on longer civilians. You may open fire on them as they will not hesitate to eat you. Your mission is to find a helicopter on the island, and extract off the island by flying straight up. Once you’ve hit a certain height, the scenario will end, and you will have won. If someone manages to crash the helicopter, it will respawn in a new place on the map. If you aren’t the first one to escape, that doesn’t mean we’ll come and get you. The helicopter will respawn in a random position again, and the rest of the loser participants need to find it. Everytime a participant escapes, the helicopter will respawn in a random place, so places you may have already checked could now have the helicopter. Good luck participants, you’ll need it. Also, be quick about this mission because water levels do rise to incredible heights. Consider that a hint. Godspeed operator.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Find the Main Terrorist Hideout
Primary Objective - Find the Main Terrorist Hideout: To complete the mission, you must find and get within 50m radius of the hideout. Once you have done this, the scenario will end and the terrorist hideouts will be moved.  <br></br><br></br>Ways of Finding the Hideout: <br></br>1. Patrol the Roads <br></br>2. Scan the Map using aircraft<br></br>3. Complete side missions like securing a town and watching which direction the player terrorists are coming from. <br></br><br></br>To lose the scenario, the terrorists must take every sector on the map. Once the terrorists have done this, the scenario will end, and they will have won.

Take the Infidels Controlled Sectors and Stop Them From Taking Yours
Primary Objective - Take the Infidels Controlled Sectors and Stop Them From Taking Yours: To complete your mission, you must own every sector on the map to drive the Americans out of your territory. If they take one of your sectors, you must take it back or you won’t be able to win. Once you have done this, the scenario will end, and you’ll be victorious.  <br></br><br></br>To lose the scenario, the Americans must get within 50m radius of your hideout. Once the Americans have done this, the scenario will end, and the infidels will have won.

Mission Overview
1. Terrorists will be fighting US Marines in Takistan. Both sides will have players on them, but the terrorists will have help from AI due to their lack of technology.<br></br>2. Read what your mission is once it pops up, and wait for the zeus to give you the go before you start your mission.<br></br>3. Once one of the sides have completed their mission, it won’t automatically end. Make sure to tell the zeus that you’ve completed your mission, and he’ll end the scenario manually.<br></br>4. Try not to spawn kill, let them grab their gear and run off a ways since dying as soon as you spawn is not fun. I’ll let you personally decide how far “a ways” is, but just be reasonable.
5. Once a terrorist reaches a town with a sector in it, they will unlock a respawn there, but they will only have a truck for a vehicle.
<br></br><br></br><br></br>For Terrorists to Win: They must control every sector on the map(at the beginning, they’ll own all but 2 of the sectors). <br></br><br></br>For the US to Win: They must find and be within 50m of the hideout. Read in your mission file to find out some ways you can find their hideout.
